A cultivated field is in the middle of the picture.
There are many plowed soil lines in the picture.
A patch of bare soil is at the edge of the picture.
A single tractor is in the center of the figure.
There are 2 farm buildings at the edge of the picture.
Many geometric fields are on the ground.
A large cultivated field is in the picture.
There are 10 plowed soil lines in the center.
A farm building is at the edge.
A tractor is on the ground.
There are 3 patches of bare soil.
Many cultivated fields are in the picture.
A single large field is in the middle.
There are many parallel lines on the ground.
A farm building is in this remote sensing picture.
There are many trees in the picture.
A dense canopy of trees is in the middle.
A clearing is at the edge of the picture.
There are a lot of trees on the ground.
A single forest road is in the center.
There are 2 clearings at the edge.
A large patch of trees is in this remote sensing picture.
Many dark green trees are in the picture.
A dense forest is in the center of the figure.
A shadow from tall trees is on the ground.
There are 5 small clearings in the forest.
A patch of burnt trees is at the edge.
A large deal of trees are here.
A single dirt path is in the middle.
Many shadows are at the edge of the picture.
A large grassy area is in the middle of the picture.
There are many low shrubs at the edge.
A single path is in the center of the figure.
A patch of bare earth is on the ground.
There are 10 small bushes in the picture.
A large grassy patch is in this remote sensing picture.
Many low bushes are at the edge.
A dirt path is visible in the middle.
There are 3 patches of bare earth.
A few scattered trees are at the edge.
A smooth, grassy texture is in the center.
Many small bushes are on the ground.
A large grassy area is in the picture.
A single large bush is in the middle.
There are 5 scattered trees in the picture.
A long road is in the middle of the picture.
There are 5 vehicles on the road.
A bridge is at the edge of the picture.
An overpass is in the center of the figure.
There are many vehicles on the ground.
A large bridge is in this remote sensing picture.
There are 10 vehicles in the middle.
A roundabout is at the edge of the picture.
Many white lane markings are on the road.
A single large truck is in the picture.
A long, linear road is in the center.
There are 3 cars at the edge.
An interchange is in the middle of the picture.
A grey asphalt road is in the picture.
There are 2 bridges on the ground.
A large building is in the middle of the picture.
There are many storage tanks at the edge.
A large parking lot is in the center.
There are 10 shipping containers on the ground.
A single factory is in the picture.
A large warehouse is in this remote sensing picture.
There are 5 large trucks in the parking lot.
Many large buildings are in the picture.
A single large storage tank is at the edge.
A group of 3 warehouses is in the center.
A metallic rooftop is in the middle.
There are a lot of shipping containers.
A helipad is on the ground.
There are 20 cars in the parking lot.
A factory is at the edge of the picture.
A bright green grassy field is in the picture.
A fence is at the edge of the picture.
There are 10 animals in the middle.
A single barn or shed is in the center.
There are many animals on the ground.
A large grassy field is in this remote sensing picture.
A long fence is at the edge.
A herd of animals is in the middle.
There are 3 round hay bales in the field.
A small shed is at the edge of the picture.
A bright green field is in the center.
There are 20 animals grazing.
A single large barn is in the picture.
A watering trough is on the ground.
A dirt track is in the middle of the field.
There are many neat rows of trees in the picture.
A greenhouse is in the middle of the picture.
A vineyard is at the edge of the picture.
An orchard of fruit trees is in the center.
There are 10 rows of crops on the ground.
A large greenhouse is in this remote sensing picture.
A building, likely a nursery, is at the edge.
Many rows of trees are visible.
A single large greenhouse is in the middle.
A grid-like pattern of crops is on the ground.
There are 5 greenhouses in the picture.
A large orchard is in the center.
A vineyard is in this remote sensing picture.
Many parallel rows of crops are visible.
A nursery is at the edge of the picture.
A single house is in the middle of the picture.
There are many small houses at the edge.
A residential street is in the center.
A swimming pool is on the ground.
There are 20 small houses in the picture.
A large apartment building is in this remote sensing picture.
Many rooftops are in the center.
There are 10 cars in the parking lot.
A single red rooftop is visible.
A small swimming pool is at the edge.
A sports field is in the middle.
A high-density area of buildings is in the picture.
There are 5 cars in a driveway.
A school building is at the edge.
Many streets form a grid in the picture.
A long, winding body of water is in the picture.
A bridge is crossing the water in the middle.
A small boat is on the water.
A dam is at the edge of the picture.
A curved riverbank is in the center.
A large body of water is in this remote sensing picture.
There are 3 boats on the water.
A large bridge is in the middle.
A single dam is visible.
A dry riverbed is in theC:\Users\dntkd\Downloads\new_eurosat_concepts_150s.txt center.
A sandbar is at the edge of the water.
A narrow channel of water is visible.
There are 2 bridges in the picture.
A pier or dock is on the riverbank.
A body of water is winding through the land.
A large, open body of water is in the picture.
A sandy beach is at the edge of the water.
A large boat or ship is in the middle.
A pier or dock is at the edge.
There are 10 small boats on the water.
A large body of deep blue water is in this remote sensing picture.
A small island is in the middle of the water.
A coastline is visible.
A single large ship is on the water.
A long pier is at the edge.
A port or harbor is in the picture.
A marina with 20 boats is visible.
A cliff is at the edge of the water.
A large enclosed lake is in the center.
A breakwater or jetty is in the middle.